(This Readme file was adapted from the one released with the MS-DOS binary.)

FROTZ V2.32 - an interpreter for all Infocom games. Complies with standard
1.0 of Graham Nelson's specification. Written by Stefan Jokisch in 1995-7

    This program once started as a re-make of Mark Howell's Zip, but
    has grown into an utterly new interpreter.

    Frotz is freeware: It may be used and distributed freely provided
    no commercial profit is involved. (c) 1995-1997 Stefan Jokisch.

    Please report bugs to s.jokisch@avu.de
    Please report X11 bugs to schepler@math.berkeley.edu

    This is the X11 port of Stefan Jokisch's Z-machine interpreter.
    It currently uses a raw Xlib interface, and I suspect adding Gtk+
    support would require a substantial rewrite.  XFrotz supports V6
    graphics (but unfortunately not Blorb), and sound on systems with
    OSS available (notably Linux).  The focus is on running V6
    graphical games; unless you need XFrotz to display graphics or
    play sound (or for its color support), you will probably get
    better results with one of the other freely available
    interpreters, such as nitfol, xzip, jzip, or frotz.

    This distribution comes with X fonts for use with Beyond Zork and
    Journey.  So far, the best way I have found to run Beyond Zork is
    to set both the normal and fixed fonts to the same font, one which
    matches the size of the graphical font.

        xfrotz -fn 8x13 -fn-b 8x13bold -fn-f 8x13 -fn-fb 8x13bold \
           .../beyondzo.dat

    For more information on command line options, see the included
    manual page.

Acknowledgements:

    Many thanks to Paul D. Doherty for his continuing support of this
    project. Thanks to everyone who sent bug reports, contributions or
    helpful hints (in alphabetical order):

    Thomas Biskup, Ian Carpenter, Graeme Cree, Jason Dyer,
    Carl Edman, Julian Eggebrecht, Bernhard Fuchs, Joe Hachem,
    John Kennedy, Kirk Klobe, Marnix Klooster, John Mackin,
    Paul O'Brian, Magnus Olsson, Barry Prescott, L. Ross Raszewski,
    Ambat Sasi Nair, Alan Sherrod, Linards Ticmanis and Paolo Vece.

    Last but not least, thanks to the porters:

    David Kinder (Amiga), Rich Lawrence (Windows 95/NT),
    Andrew Holdsworth (RiscOS), Christos Dimitrakakis (HP-UX),
    Christopher J. Madsen (OS/2), Galen Hazelwood (Unix curses library),
    Ian Dean (Windows CE).

    Executables are available from ftp.gmd.de and from

	http://www.geocities.com/SiliconValley/Heights/3222/frotz.html

    which is the Frotz home page maintained by Chris Madsen.


